Each reaction (pathway event) is represented here by a simple diagram. Input molecules are shown as labelled boxes (left side) connected by plain lines to a central square. Arrowed lines connect the central square to the output molecules (right side). If relevant, catalyst molecules are represented above the central square, connected to it by a red arrowed line. Input molecules that are also the catalyst (e.g. signaling or enzyme/substrate complexes) are shown on the left and joined to the central node by a red arrowed line. The names of reactions that precede/follow in the pathway are shown as text on the far left/far right respectively.
Summary text may appear to be overlapping or redundant. Please remember that this document is extracted from multiple pages on the Reactome website, this redundancy is useful to provide context for users who might first arrive at a mid-point in the pathway. Suggestions for improvement are welcome.
Reactome represents human biology. Literature references that demonstrate the occurrence of the reaction in humans are given preference, they are not intended to provide a historical record. Unfortunately we do not have the resources to identify all relevant references, but we are happy to cite any that you feel should be included.In your review, we would appreciate it if you could verify that the events that we describe (pathways and reactions) are annotated clearly and that the molecular details of the reactions are accurate.
In your review, we would appreciate it if you could verify that the events that we describe (pathways and reactions) are annotated clearly and that the molecular details of the reactions are accurate.
A more detailed representation of the pathway as a diagram can be found on our website. We would appreciate your feedback on the content and navigability of the website. A short tutorial of the Pathway Browser can be found at the top of the webpage. The zoomable pathway diagram is interactive. Text descriptions are revealed in the panel below the diagram under the Overview tab. To view a text description, select a participating molecule or reaction node in the diagram. Clicking on an event in the hierarchy in the left panel will highlight the event(s) in the diagram and a text description will be displayed in the panel below
Take a look at our's literature for more information: